trump, president of the us, and the main reason mcdonlod's singns say 'billions and billions served"
there wwas some big crazy trump news today.and i know we say that everday,but this time is true, i mean it's true everyday.but this time is also true.

and it starts with the president and his administration making shocking legal manoeuvre.

this morning, an unprecedented move by the justice department, stepping into replace president trump's private legal team to represent him in a high-profile defamation lawsuit.(在一桩备受瞩目的诽谤案中代表他出庭)

it means american taxpayers would foot the bill(这意味着美国纳税人要为此买单) for the government defending the president in the suit by author E.jean carroll.(因为政府要为总统辩护) who says the president raped her more than two decades ago (这个人说总统在二十年前强奸了她) in a dressing room at new yourk bergdorf goodman's. the latest move protects the president from any potentially embarrassing disclosures.(这一新举措保护了总统免受任何可能令人尴尬的爆料) justice lawyers argue that because the president was acting within the scope of his office at the time of his denial,(司法部的律师解释说因为总统是在他的职责范围内做的事情) he could be defended by government attorneys.(所以政府律师可以为他辩护)


wow, the justice department is now defending trump, in a defamation suit against one of his rape accusers, which means taxpayes dollars are paying for this, you know that's going to make a lot of people mad. our taxes shouldn't be going to do this!! they should be used to fund schools, to build roads and to drone weddings in afghanistan.and in case you are wondering, yes , this is unprecedented for a president.but i can't say i'm surprised at this point, because trump has basically turned the government into his own personal concierge service. all the department of transportation does anymore is order ubers for trump. i wouldn't be surprised if the border wall truns out to be one side of trmp's new country house. 
"ok, now we need another wall and another one."
"let's throw in a roof and a pool"
"and we finally be safe from mexico"

now, the justice department's justification for defending trump in this case is that when he said he didn't rape her because "she wasn't his type", and "he did that as part of his official as president." and i know that sounds wild, but remember what it says in article two of the constitution, 
"the president shall execute the laws, command the military and vehemently deny boning anyone who was less than a ten."

but hey, conservatives wanted someone to run the country like a business, and what's more corporate than a ceo using company resources to shut down secual abuse accusations? you did it, guys!

so once again, we have big, crazy news that in normal times would be all anyone talked about for a month. but because it's trump.it's not even the only scandal that we have to talk about today. now you maybe remember back in feb and march , trump was very confidently saying taht the corona virus was not a big deal, and it basically just like the flu, but since then , we all know that was a bullshit. well, today it's come out that trump privately knew that it was bullshit. 


stunning breaking news, president trump, in his own words making clear he knew about the dire threat of the corona virus very eraly on, at a time he repeatedly told the american people they were safe.he deliberately withheld information from american people, repeatedly concealed details about the graviy of this threat, because in his words, he didn't want to create panic.


you didn't want to create panic? so what do you want? for people to very commonly be dying in the streets? 

"what's wrong? buddy"
"i'm dying, but it's chill"


and also since when trump concerned about creating a panic?? that is literally his favorite thing. cities are burning, suburbs are collapsing, caravans of antifa mexicans are committing muslim voter fraud.his campaign slogan is basically "look out behind you"

but , yes, thanks to audiotapes of interviews, we now know that he was fully aware of how the virus transmitted and how deadly it could be.


and yet in public, he told everyone there was no reason to be afraid. i got that as a leader you don't want people to panic, but you also want to inform the people so that they can be safe.


you know if a plane is crashing, a pilot will tell you to remain calm, but  they also tell you seat belt and brace for impact.

if trumpbe a pilot, he would be like 
"attention , all passengers. everything is fine, seatbelts are for snowflakes. and if you wanto to stretch your legs, now it's the perfect time, bye, bye"


and this is really confusing because at first i thought trump was too stupid to understand what was going on withthe virus.


but it turns out that he was actually smart about it in private.


but he also stupid enought to tell the reporter on tape. now i don't know what to think , and trump aside, am i the only one who tinnks it's crazy that people keep realsing books where they reveal that they have known the most incrminating things about trump, but the only tell us about it now???


i mean imagine if paul revere had this attitude. are th british coming? find out by preordering my bok on amazon. 



so trump purposefully  obscuring the threat of conorn virus, was the major revelation that took over the news today. but remember , bob interviewed trump eighteen times for this book. and he recoreded trump on tape, talking about pleny of other subjects too,  like racism and believe it or not , it turns out that in private , trump is a lot more aware fo racism than he acts like in real life. 


oh, somebody finally got around to watching "get out"

it really interesting how private trump seems to know a lot more than public trump. i mean this whole time, i thought there were gonna be secret tapes of trump saying the N-word. instead, we got secret tapes of him being an epidemilogist with PhD in critical race theory. 


and maybe you were thinking, "oh, but this is good news,trevor. it means trump isn't as dump as we thought" 

"no, this is terrible news because you know what it shows? it shows you trum is willfully misleading the public"


it remind you that he's con man. he lies about corona virus to protect his economy and his reelction, and his ignores systemic racism because he knows it exists, but he does it to protect his image with his base, and then when all the bad stories pile up, what does he do? he tries to drown them out with some crazy news announcement, like him saying that he's gonna appoint ted cruz to supreme court, to be honest, just sounds like athreat to the supreme court.

so once again, we are reminded today that trump doesn't care about america. he cares about himself, money.



