As the cornona lockdonws have streched into month four,
can you believe it ? month four
many people in america cannot wait to get back to wark
and there is one american who cannot wait to get away from work.
which is why after weeks of buildup,donald juneteenth trump held 
a campaign rally in ulsa oklahoma,his first rally since the corona virus shutdowns.

but like most of trump's sentences,it didn't exactly go as planned.

the president had boasted that a million people requested tickets
and he promised to fill the 19 thousand seat arena.
But the tulsa fire marshal tells NBC News that 6200 people showed up,
leaving rows of empty seats.

Outside of the BOK Center,these workes took down the overflow stage early.
The president had planned to address the crowd there.but no crowd materialized.


poor trump, for somebody who was born into wealth and no ever suffered a single consequence for his actions,
this dude,just can not catch a break, because no thing is more humiliating than when you throw a party and most of the guests don't show up. i still remember when that happened for my twelfth birthday.


oh, really? all of your grandmas died on the same weekend?
i found it very unlikely
so why was turnout for trump's rally so low? well , the trump administration claims it's because protesters blocked the entrance,which like most things the trump campaign says, is not true. The most likely explanation for all of those empty seats in that arenais taht as much as some people love trump, they also love not dying from corona virus, and there's aanother things that might have thrown off trump's numbers at the arena,and it has to do with K-pop.

it turns out the trump campaign might have been trolled by teenagers,tiktok users,and korean pop music fans, before the tulsa rally,these tech savvy groups mobilized to reserve  tickets for an event that they had no intention of attending.
"on my god , i just registered for trump's rally and i'm so excited to not go."

wihle it's unlikely they were solely responsible for this low turnout,their antics my have inflated the campaign's expectations for attendance numbers.

"Clearly not everybody showed up in tulsa, maybe people heard the huge numbers and said they didn't want to go throught the hassle of the crowds"

god damn it, that is hilarious,getting foiled by a bunch of meddling kids.i mean that means trump is basically a scooby-doo villain now,although at least scooby-doo villains wear masks.
and i am proud of this teens, think about it,in 2020, tiktok went from being an app where you lear dances to "guys ,this is how we abolish the police and take down the president." now , trump was reportedly relly unhappy when he looked out and saw the empty seats.

but you know what? people who were there were pumped up to see their guy again.because remember a week ago, when trump used two hands to take a sip of water. just look at how excited his crowd was when he managed to drink a galss of water with only one.

"yeah , wow ~ i am proud to live a country where the prosident can drink water with just one hand, sometimes."

it feels like the longer the trump presidency goes,the more confusing it's going to be for kids studying american history in the future.

So lincoln was hailed for freeing the salves,and kennedy was lauded for putting a man on the moon,and trump got cheers for drinking water?did they mean invventing water? it this text book right?

there is a lot going on the country that president trump cound have talked about at his rally.
could have talked about blak lives matter, the corona virus pandemic.but the top topic that he devoted the most time to, 9 full minutes.in fact. was how people made fun of the way he walked down a ramp last week,
i have never seen trump that defensive before, he sent so much times on this story, but now i'm more suspicious than i was. like before i thought, yeah maybe trump has some trouble walking down ramps,but now i'm not even sure that he has a feet,it's also wild,hwo trump will talk for hours about walking down a ramp.but if you asking him about racism in american, he's like, "someone's looking into int, we 'are gonna looking into it, let's move on"

so anyway, trump try to put on a brave face and give the crowd a show, he told crazy stories he called covid-19 the "kung flu", and one of the crazies part of the rally is that he even admitted that he has told his people to slow down the cornoa virus testing, so that the numbers wouldn't look as bad.which is someting we used to have to assume he was doing, and now he just telling us, so i guess thanks for the honesty, but when it was all said and done, it was clear that all of those empty seats really took a toll on trump.

"it tells you  that he wasn't able to basically put  a happy face on something that, for him, was just an enormous disappointment."

i have never seen a person get out of a helicopter looking that sad.he looks like he's waling home after a wedding where he got stood up at the altaar but still had to party because everything was nonrefundable.


cheer up, donald, you have got a plenty of reasons to be happy, the border was closed, bars firing procecutors, and no one see fauci in weeks, just take a double shot of hydrox and get back in there . mr president. because honestly, it is weired to see trump display emotion. it is actually uncomfortable. it is like watching mr photato head get a boner. i don't know how to feel. but i whink this experience was the first time trump actually felt the full weight and severity of the corona virus pandemic. and finally got to him wasn't the 122 thousand lives lost in america, but instead, the empty seats in an arena.