The republican national convention (RNC),
the first and only times trump has renewed hiw vows. and going into the convention, i thought it was going to be tough for trump to sell himself for another four years.

i mean mostly because, you know, we live ina plague-scarred hellscape where one hundred and eighty thousand people have died, and we can't go to a movie o hug our grandparent. but then i watched the convention, and guys, it turns out that trump has actually done a really good job by preventing all of that from happening.

"from the very beginning, democrats, the media and the world health organization got coronavirus wrong. one leader took decisive action to save lives: trump.  trump's quick action and leadership saved thousands of lives during covid-19, trump truly moved mountains to save lives an he deserves credit. just imagine what 2020 would have looked like, fighting for your life without trump fighting for it, too. "

Ah, imagine what 2020 would have been like without trump??


hey, do you want to go eat dinner inside a restuarant? ok cool, i will see you then..


essentially, they are trying to convice everyone that this massive failure is actually a massive achievement, which is not something normal people do when they apply for a job. 


"i see on your resume here, it says that you crashed a car into room."
"yeah, but it would have been, like, a lot worse if joe biden was driving..."


and it's especially crazy considering that at the last RNC, all they talked about was the four dead amerians in benghazi. but now they are acting like trump did a great job only having 45000 bengazis.

but i guess it was true without trupm taking any action, millions more ameircans could have died. so good on republicans for seeing the glass of bleash half full.

=============================================

but trump's failure with coronavirus is only one perception republicans needed to change at their convention, another one is that the GOP is a WAP-- white ass party , so last night the party showcase their diversity by giving speakers slots to all four of american's black trump supports. and i don't know what they are going to do for the rest of the week. i mean tim scott has really spoken, so they are gonna have to bring him back out on wednesday with a fake mustache, like "hello, it's me"..


and while some of the black speakers last night attested to how not-racist trump is, one of the speakers went even further and declared that the real racists are the democrats. 

"you may be wondering why is a lifelong democrat speaking at the republican national convention? 

and that's a fair question,
and here is the answer, the democratic party does not want black people to leave their mental plantation. we've been forced it to be there fordecades and generations, but i have news for joe, we are free, we are free people with free minds. "


so let me get the straght -- when other groups organize and vote by their interests, they get a fancy name like 'voting blocs' , but when black people do it, you get told you are acting like an extra on roots? and why is it that the people who always say "you should be a free thinker"  have a very specific set of instructions on how to think. 


"think for yourself, black people"

"alright, i'm do that, i'm-a vote for the democrats."

"i say, think for yourself, vote for republican"

"maybe i'll vote independent."

"yo, you better start thinking for yourserlf"

black women in this contry vote democrat more than anybody else.

and i'll tell you new nobody is more of a freethinker than a black woman.

i dear you to try and brainwish a black woman. you'll come out of there joining her cult. 


"i 'm in the cult of i should have shut my mouth."


and also this argument is especially confusing coming from this dude, because he's saying "the democrats are trying to ensalve you, also , i'm a lifelong democrat". that's like, every confused name on the internet at once. like, does that mean he's keeping his own voters on the mental plantation?? i feel like i need to watch  twelve years of mental slave to understantd what he's talking about.

now, to be fair, it's not that the RNC completely denied the existence of racism in america. they just think that racism is a less systemic problem. and more of a personal obstacle on the way to inspirational triumph. and two of their best speeches, actually came from people who have made that exact journey. 

......

you can not deny that they have inspiring stories. but here's he thing about them using their stories to show how exceptional america is. haley and scott are literally the exceptions. the fact that the tim scott is one of the only black senators and haley was one of the only minority governors is, if anything, an argument for the existence of systemic racism in america, not agaings it..

Imagine beging the sole survivor of a plane crash, looking around at the wreckage and going, "wow, i wish all these other passengers could have perservered and overcome this crash just like me , Shout-out to boeing..."

if america didn't have a racism problem, then their achievements wouldn't be a big deal. Getting elected as a minority would be as , say, mailing a letter.

what i wanto is a world where a black man becoming a senator isn't inspirational. that's when black people will have really made it. when there's a black senator who is just like. 

"Yeah, so my dad was a CEO and uh, then his billionaire friend started a super PAC, so i guess i'm here now."


of course, there's really only one speaker anyone at the republican convention wants to hear from, and that is trump, i'm sorry to tell you that the president did not speak in prime time last night, but we did get a speech from his oldest disappointment, don jr. who briefly turn the convention into an infomercial.

"my father's entire worldview revolves around the idea that we can always do even better , imagine the life you want to have, one with a great job, a beautiful home, a perfect family, you can have it, imagine the country you wanto to live in, one with true equal opportunity. you can have it. heros are celebrated and the good guys win"


honestly, put your hating aside,you have to admit jr make a great motivational speaker. and not in the traditional way where he inspires you with quotes. more like in a way where people look at him and say, "That guy can run a giant company and speak at a major political convention. That guy? just imagine what i can accomplish if i put my mind to it."

also, if trump has already been president for almost four years, then why do we still have to imagine how great life could be if he was president?? trump's presidency is like your 48 year old cousin's dj career. if it hasn't been successful by now, it' not gonna be.

but if he couldn't get you on board with his vision of america. maybe the problem was that your tv volume wasn't loud enough,in which case don's girlfriend and former fox news host kimberly guilfoyle turned it up for you...

"do you believe in american greatness? his promise was to put america first, and he has. he emancipates and lifts you up to live your american dream. you are capable, you are qualified, you are powerfully and you have the ability to choose your life and determine your destiny, ladies and gentlemen, leaders and fighters for freedom and liberty, and the ameircan dream, the best is yet to come"


does that seem kind of loud to anyone?? first of all, i want to wish you a speedy recovery to anyone who was listening on headphones. i'm praying for you, and i guess we also found the one person who actually signed up for rudy master class. you know when you are at a party and the music turns off, and then all of sudden you are talking way too loud. that's basically what her did for an entire speech. 

"and then i shat my pants!"

and aside from the speech being so loud that canada called the cops, the actual content was ridiculous, trump believe in me??  the dude also believes in kim jong-un and hydroxychloroquine. i don't want to be in that group. so those were big speeches. a full throated defense of the idea that there is nothing americans can't do if they put their minds to it. althought there was also another big idea running through the whole night, which is that the one thing americans won't be able to overcome is joe biden, who will leave the country a permanently smoking ruin. 


"joe biden and the radical left are now coming for our freedom of speech. they want to destroy this country. they want to steal your liberty,  your freedom, you will not recognize this country  or yourself. they want to abolish the suburbs all together. no matter where you live, your family will not be safe. the vengeful mob that seeks to destroy our way of life. the party that wants to burn down the foundations of our country to the ground. crime, violence and mob rule. they'll disarm you, empty the prisons, lock you in your home and invite MS-13 to live next door"....



oh, good god, i'm terrified and confused.
because if joe biden gets elected, ms-13 is moving to the next door, but we won't live there anymore because we'll be kicked out of the suburbs. and if we try to go to church, the democrats will call the cops on us, but there won't be any cops because they defunded the police. so we will have to take ourselves to prison. but they abolished the prisons. so now all the criminals are out on the streets, which means they can shoot us, but they can't shoot us, because all the democrats have taken away all the guns, which means all we can do is fight with our words. but we can't because words have been cancelled. i don't know what it means!!


that was a terrifying evening. no wonder don jr was crying. but here is the thing that i dont't think republicans understand. it's hard to scare people about the damage joe biden could do after the damage trump has already done. joe biden cuold destroy your ways of life

"Dude, i'm clorox wiping my grapes."
"how much worse could shit get?"

"Oh, and by the way, this is also a lesson for the democrats because they spent four days of their convention, basically pitching a return to normalcy and bringing republicans into their tent."

But it didn't count for shit.

the RNC is still saying that joe biden is basically stalin with a better smile. But that was night one of the RNC. and basically the party made sure that they had something for everyone. For people who feel like the country's in chaos, trump will make it better. For people who fell like things are going fine, you have trump to thank for that. if you are minority, racism is just a small bump on your way to idyllic life in the suburbs, and if you are scared of minorities, don't worry, trump is going to keep them out of your idyllic suburbs. if you are hard of hearing, kimberly has you covered. and if she made you hard of hearing, well trump will release his big beautiful healthcare plan any day now. 




