the first president who's non essential worker
yesterday a tape dropped of an interview he did with bob woodward back in february,where he admitted that he purposefully downplayed the risk of coronavirus. and i mean we all know why.it is because he didn't want to spook his precious stock markets
whoa, whoa, easy, girl,it's ok, everything's fine.
you just keep going up, girl

now , when normal people get caught on tape, admitting that they lied to an entire country, they usaually apologize. but trump didnpt become president by being normal, so yesterday, he doubled down.

you are a cheerleader? you are not a cheerleader. you are the coach , when you see that you team is headed for a huge defeat, you come up with some plays. you don't just stand on the side lines, waving pom-poms and saying, everythings goning to be okay. 

just because you have spent a ton of time in cheerleaders' changing room s doesn't mean that you are one of them. 

i'm just saying i have watched taht netflix show, and trump would not make it on mat. cheerloeaders are everything that the president is not. they work as a team , they are disciplined, and most importantly, they know how to spell words.

now the one upside of being stuck in the psychotic relationship with trump for the last four years is by now we have pretty much learned every pattern that every trump scandal, trump step into shit, and then trump world comes out and explains that he did not actually step in shit or it wasn't shit.
 
 
or that , if the coastal elites got out of their bubble, they had realize that stepping in shit is the most american thing that you can do. and this time is no difference. as fox news, the only network whose subtitles are in all caps, quickly rallied to trum's corner to explain why lying to america about a deadly pandemic was the right move all along. 

"the president was saying, 
"dont' fear" he was calm, he was confident because he didn't want to create a panic. i thought that was just fine and dandy. i mean you would not .. you are trying to run the country, you are offering leadership. 
when a doctor sees a spot on your x ray, he doesn't run in and say.. my god, you have cancer , you are going to die, he says, hold on a second, this could be dense tissue, we want to look at it again, think about it, during the depression, it was FDR who had his fireside chats to calm american. you look at something taht president obama tweeted out on march 4, and he had the same message as president trump about "calm down" 
he said "protect yourself and your community from coronavirus with common sense precautions, wash your hands, stay home when sick and listen to the CDC government, and local health authorities, let's stay calm.
sounds familiar? listen to the experts and follow the science"


ok ,guys, that obama tweet is not proving what you actually think it is proving, it is actually an exmaple of how a president can keep people calm whilst also being realistic about the dangers they face.
 
 
the problem with trmp's admission to bob woodward isn't the fact that he tried to keep people calm, it's the downplaying the virus part, as crazy as it may seem, lots of people in america actually believe the things that president trump says, so when trump comes out and declares that the deep state made up corona to ruin his birthday, they listen. and as for that doctor analogy, greg gutfeld is correct, when doctors see a spot on your x ray, they don't panic, but they do et it checked out because it might be serious, they don't tell you that,

you 've got a spot on your x ray, but don't worry.. one day, it's going to disappear just like a miracle, all right, you wan to do co-pay, or you just want to do quid pro quo?

so by and large, fox news took the position that these woodward taps are nothing to be concerned about. who knows? maybe they are just trying to not cause a panic. but at least one fox host seem to realise that trump's lie had done some real damage, and so he took the bold step of placin the blame squarely on someone else.

of course, woodward's book is exactly  what you thought it would be. what is surprising is that trump participated in making the book. the president sat for repeated interviews with bob, why in the world would he do that?? well tonight from a source who knows the answer to that mystery..

this is insane, so LG has been pretending to be trump ally this whole time? golfing with him? confirming his judges? defending him during impeachment? all so that four yeas later, he could trick trump into doing a bob interview?? and by the way, nobobdy forced turmp to do this interview or say the tings that he said.
so this master plan only works if the guy you are plotting against is dumb as shit.

how are we going to assasinate casesar?
i have an idea, let's leave a bunch of knives in front of him, and maybe he will stab himself.

this is the problem with defending trump at all costs,  eventually you are forced to invent the most ridiculous conspiracy theories. LG is one of trmp's most loyal allies.


but tucker carlson is out here, making him sound like a resistor who's hiding black lives matter signs in his office, you know eventually you are going to run out of people to blame. there will be no one else to blame other than trump voters,i can't wait for the day when tucker comes on the air like " trump didn't elect himself. what kind of sick, twisted individual would put this poor man in a position of power?" i think we all know the answer to that.

so, look ,i don't know if these recordings will hurt trump in the presidential election, i mean scandals slide off him, faster than his bronzer on a hot day, but his new campaign ad is any sign, he's not taking any chances.

there's a pandemic in america of secret recordings, for too long, ordinary americans have lived in fear of being taped by bob,micheal.... yes！ the trump has scored, but trump will put a stop to it, in his second term, president trump will outlaw all tapes, delete all voice mails, and destroy everty microphones in the country. in fact, let's ban taking notes, too. what ever happedn to just remembering things? relect trump, 
because when that 3 am phone call comes int, you want to make sure it's not being tapped, i 'm trump and i approved this message.that 's what i will say to those idiots at the end of my ad.
